feat(Masthead): Updates for new masthead structure in Penta (#10809)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Page/examples/Page.md

A page will typically contain the following components:

- A `<Page>` with a `masthead` prop that often contains a [masthead](/components/masthead) component

>   - Mastheads contain the `<MastheadMain>` that wraps a `<PageToggleButton>` and `<MastheadBrand>`. The `<MastheadBrand>` wraps `<MastheadLogo>`. The masthead also contains  the page's header toolbar within `<MastheadContent>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `<MastheadMain>` component includes the smaller area that typically contains the `<MastheadToggle>` and a `<MastheadLogo>`. `<MastheadContent>` represents the main portion of the masthead, and will typically contain a `<Toolbar>` or other menu-like components, like a `<Dropdown>`.

  - Mastheads contain a `<MastheadMain>` component, which includes the `<MastheadToggle>`, a `<MastheadLogo>`,  and the page's toolbar (via `<MastheadContent>`.) The `<MastheadToggle>` component contains a `<PageToggleButton>`, and the `<MastheadLogo>` component contains a `<MastheadBrand>`. 
```

This is going off of the changes from the masthead page, where mention of MastheadBrand was replaced. But I may have misinterpreted that & you may need to correct this suggestion for accuracy
